This is the documentations for Hireme API

Main.js
Router.get("/):
this should return the home page with few informations about registered devs and  login and sign up(join) buttons on the navbar.
informations of devs to display on homepage:

- dev title
- dev owner
- dev state
- dev picture
- info to showe if the owner of dev is online or not

2. ROuter.get("/my-devs")
this route is kind a catalog of devs owned by a particular person. visiting that route is expected to return in tabular form 
the devs and title of devs associated with that user with a button to craete new dev.

3. Router.route("/add-new-dev)
this route has two methods chained to it.
- get method which retrives and displays a form for the craetion of  a new dev.
the form should have the following fileds

title
category
about(should be a textarea since the owner is expected to briefly describe his dev)
state(this should be the state of residence of the dev owner the should be a drop down)
region(the part of the state the owner is residing or available e.g garki)
nearest busstop(the nearest busstop for easy location)
picture(this is could be the image of the owner or image of the type of work. User should be able to upload this image from their device)
 - the post method 
 this method should be able to save, and update the informations and dispaly on the screen successfully added new dev while 
 directing user to hompage.

 4.Router.get("/service_detail/:id)
 this route should find and display the details of a dev using the id of the dev. the details should be a full detail of the
 dev(this is kind of a single page of a dev)

 5. router.patch(/service/:id)
 this route should be able to display the update form of a dev so that the owner could be able to update any parameter as required.

 6. router.delete(/service/:id)
 this route shpould delete a particular dev after which the user is directed back to the create route page.


 USER.js
 1. Router.route("/signup)
 this route like every other router.route has two methods chained to it.
 .get method retrives and displays the form for signup.the informations required are name,
 email, photo and password. the photo should be uploadable from the user's device and the only required mimetypes are jpeg and png
 .post method saves the user to the databae and drects the user to the homepage
 
 2. Router.get("/login)
this route displays the login form for which requires only the user email and password.

router.get("/logout")
the route uses authentication to logout a user.
 